c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Practica_TiendaVirtual.dll.config
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Practica_TiendaVirtual.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Practica_TiendaVirtual.pdb
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.dll
c:\users\bo0415\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.pdb
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Practica_TiendaVirtual.dll.config
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Practica_TiendaVirtual.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Practica_TiendaVirtual.pdb
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.dll
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.pdb
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Raquel\Desktop\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Practica_TiendaVirtual.dll.config
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Practica_TiendaVirtual.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Practica_TiendaVirtual.pdb
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.pdb
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\obj\Debug\Practica_TiendaVirtual.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\JuanCarlos\Desktop\TiendaVirtual2\Practica_TiendaVirtual\Practica_TiendaVirtual\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
